hi this is Pam dinner are you speaking
about artificial intelligence impact in
marketing at several conferences it was
well received I have discovered though
that many marketers I'm timid aided by
the term AI or artificial intelligence
well don't be there's a marketing
conference called marketing artificial
intelligence conference on July 16th to
18th in Cleveland Ohio I will be doing a
workshop in the panelled the workshop is
called how to leverage AI for sales
enablement so I will be sharing
different AI based platforms and tools
at different sales stages and also the
buyers journey if you are interested
check out detailed description on the
website if you are marketing manager
working very closely with sales or sales
operations sales enablement managers
working very closely with marketing this
workshop is for you for my panel several
of us will be discussing the potential
with fully intelligence sales and the
marketing automation so we will be
discussing the next generations of a
marketing and sales automation tools in
the context of a eyes so you should be a
lot of fun
I hope to see you there again marketing
artificial intelligence conference July
16th through 18th Cleveland Ohio and if
you want to register use the promo code
dinner 200 again PID and Y r200
you can get $200 off of your
registration fee I hope to see you there
thanks a lot bye